We just got our first test running, which is fantastic.
But before we continue, I want to give you an extremely important note.
Remember, just by itself does not have support for TypeScript out of the box.
So we are using that extra little library that we installed.
Very quickly back inside of our package JSON file we installed.
Jess, that is what gives Jess the ability to understand TypeScript.
Now this library or something inside a chest or something along this entire toolchain sometimes does
not work correctly.
So every now and then I can guarantee you are going to run into this.
Every now and then you're going to see a test failing.
You're then going to go and try to fix it.
You're going to save a file, and then you're going to see that the test is still failing, even if
you really think that you fix the issue up.
So sometimes either gest or test, I don't really know which one is causing the issue.
Sometimes they do not detect changes that you are making to your files.
It is really hard for me to replicate this issue in any way, but it's something that I noticed while
I was developing this application.
So if you ever run into a scenario where a test is failing, you go and change the file and you really
think you fix the issue.
But it's still not passing.
Here's how to solve it.
All you got to do restart.
Just so hit control.
See?
Reran NPM run test and now just should see the updated file.
So again, if you start to make changes and you don't see them reflected in your test suite, just restart.
That's all you got to do.
So that's all I want to mention here.
It is important enough because I don't want you to get it stuck at some point in time trying to figure
out what's going on.
So quick pause.
Continue.
Just a minute.